Transcript 

Ready. Who's ready to go? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Okay, we're getting pretty ready. I'm gonna start over here with Mr. Carter. Uh, I'm gonna give you the mic. You weren't expecting this, but why don't you read out our ideas, and our lovely team over there is gonna be taking notes of all the wonderful ideas that you have, and I know you're going to be very kind. There's nothing that's gonna be completely out of scope. And so, we're gonna watch and see how they react to this. So, Craig, thanks, Cole. We would like our airline booking app to allow us to provide Uber style ratings for our fellow passengers. So that we can see when we're picking our seat, like, what kind of area we're sitting in, and we'd like to also be able to see it while we're on the flight. So we know that these people are to avoid. My son, my son, is 13 years old and had that same idea. On the last flight that we were on. I'm not kidding. That's it. All right. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Wonderful. All right. I'm gonna keep it. I think we can go this way. Would you like to... Yeah, we can close the polling. That's the one. We just that you'll actually this so you get to sit by yourself. So that would be, no, that would, that's a reaction. So our idea is connected travel modifications, so if you change your flight, you get prompted to extend your hotel stick. Ooh. Preferably automatically, but present you different options with costification. Thank you very much. Guys, digging us. Yep. Got it. They're building it right now. Would you like to give us...? Matt, here you go. Well, five years came up on the table, but I think the favorite one here was the next best option by route. So actually be proactive in terms of the impact of flight cancellation. What consequences that has on your hotel, over bookings, meetings, et cetera. So having some context, having some options, and then picking the best option for you. Obviously, if that's getting home, we're just gonna rue you where you're gonna spend some time. and maximizing the negativity of the experience, I guess. Oh, thank you. Feel free to join. All right, Samir. Giving you the mic. Just leave it alone. Yeah. We spent some time in the pain cave, in hotels, in our flights, and stuck in elevator bays, waiting for all the things. We were waiting for elevators, we were waiting for flight updates, We had to get to the gate to figure out what's going on, realize there were delays. So we want transparency. We won't push notifications about everything. And the air, light getting away. I don't know about that. I don't need to listen to the speaker where I can't hear the pilot. stuck in the elevator bay. I wanna know when that elevator is coming, because some of you were stuck in that Hilton elevator bay for a little while. So we more push notifications and transparency across the board from our flights and our hotels and all the time. Just let me know. Love it. And we're going to change the name to the pain cave. 99.99% of time on that. Sam, here you go. Um, yeah, so we thought about, we had a couple ideas. We came to the best one as sort of like a native trip with AI sort of features. So we all have different travel riders that we're trying to connect together. wouldn't it be great? If you had a single experience, Oh, that was connecting those as a traveler. So think if your light is landing, maybe an auto joints, the taxi cube for you and checks into your hotel for you. How do you start to connect some of those different, you know, side load experiences here today? go. All right, there you go. Thank you. Our conversation really revolved around personalized hotel experiences. So a couple ideas like, one is, if we prefer to have a room call, we should be able to have the thermostat access in our in our app, and be able to set that when we come into the room. We talked about having being already logged into our preferred apps inside the room. So we're not trying to log into Netflix and then log out on Netflix when we leave, literally like allow our experience in the hotels to be ours. I like that one. You want to comment on that? All right, Matt. Um, ours is driven by a lot of real life stories from AWS's payment system being down and folks not able to actually check in and, uh, early check-in waiting. So the idea being hotels have all the information about your prior stays, they have your credit card on file. Why isn't why isn't your room ready for you the way that you want it, with the things that you want in it, when you arrive based on your preferences, and you should be able to simply walk out of that hotel without there being transactional study required associated with them. All right. Thank you. Jay, I'm coming over to you. All right, we have a few different ideas. I'm gonna combine two of them. Uh, it's for those late, uh, hotel check ins. So one was, you're arriving at 1:00 a.m. and you feel compelled to call the hotel, make sure they don't give your room away. And then the second is, if you're hungry, you're having a one box, like a lot of us did, and we all had to run out and try to find pizza at 130 in the morning, having some options, right? So that you can sort of personalize, hey, you have some problems available for me when all of your restaurants are closed, you're, uh, you're, uh, just did with the little shops are closed, et cetera. Thank you. Coming over to Sergio. How are you guys doing? You guys have this done? Yeah, it's parkway done. It's about half done. We seem to have a common theme about hotels and not being ready for us. But we also talked about how your TV doesn't work or how your towels are not there, and then we don't want to wait until the check-in line that's 2 hours long. So, um, how do I do what I want to have done without having to talk to a whole bunch of people and then get personalized update messages, uh, constantly. And we want to know how many steps it's going to take. So is it one of 10, or is it one of 100 steps that I'm getting updates on? Um, and then the other one that we talked about was, um, despite, like, checking into your hotel, like, you don't get loyalty points, because somebody else booked it. But set up everything for us so that we can get the internet service for free because we have loyalty credits. So similar to other companies that were. Right, guys, there's some themes arising, Chad? Yeah. I've heard a few of our ideas. One of them, it is, it's on the theme of personalization, and there's an international flair to it, which is, when you're booking a hotel and an airline, they know you're doing international, get ahead of the visa, to ask for the whole rules that you have to do. And so the twist on it is, if you've ever had any butler at a hotel, the butler does all these things one step ahead of you, so if I have, like, a butler agent that knows your itineraries, that knows what you need to do, that schedules ahead of you, they're always one step ahead of you, so you feel like you're following a butler through the process. Ooh, that's a good one. is a good one come right through here. to come over to Andy. Mr. Yana, I'm planked by two, uh, airline veterans. So ours was a naturally airline focused. Um, and also, a bunch of us look here. So a lot of ours are around communications, like why is that happening? Can you just tell me, sometimes I don't have control. Sometimes I might. So why am I standing in line? How do I revoke? How can I just talk to people or talk to an agent or have something that's just communicating? Why I got in early and can't move, you just have every 15 minutes, the airline speaker, we can't move. Great. When are we gonna move? What should I tell people that are waiting for me? Am I gonna do I want people to wait up? do anything along thoseines? You're just stuck, can't move, and getting any amount of information will be helpful. All right, man. Timopoly. All right, we had a we had a couple common themes that came out of our table as well across, you know, airline and a hotel. On theme is similar to one of her in terms of, you book something and when you get there, something is just not right. So whether that was on my flight, the seat or let's start the screen in front of me is dead. So I can't watch anything. It's an international flight. I'm gonna be out for a long time. Or I get to my hotel room and the AC doesn't work. Or I booked a joining rooms and the hotel doesn't have adjoining rooms. There's all those situations require somebody to find out something doesn't work, make a bit of a fuss about it, and then maybe present it with an option to do something about it. But in a lot of cases, the data might already be there that says those things are our problems. And there could be the system could take more proactive steps to let you know. And then find out maybe you don't actually care that the screen is dead. Maybe you're not going to use the AC anyway, but give you some optionality without the, you know, forced awkward interactions of walking up to the desk. Great. Okay, that's a lot. Actually. So, in real life, when we do this kind of thing, we are working with our businesses to understand what our customers, maybe, we are working to understand.